MSEARCH-762 Local Instances are not exported with the cql file in Member tenant (#600)
folio-org/mod-search: NEWS.md

* Browse: Duplicate results in exact match with diacritics ([MSEARCH-751](https://folio-org.atlassian.net/browse/MSEARCH-751))
* Classification browse: Fix instances count for Shared Facet ([MSEARCH-761](https://folio-org.atlassian.net/browse/MSEARCH-761))
* Subjects/Contributors browse: Fix instances count for Shared Facet ([MSEARCH-782](https://folio-org.atlassian.net/browse/MSEARCH-782))

> * Local Instances are not exported with the cql file in Member tenant ([MSEARCH-762](https://folio-org.atlassian.net/browse/MSEARCH-762))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Search Resources IDs: Local instances are not searchable with requests from member tenants ([MSEARCH-762](https://folio-org.atlassian.net/browse/MSEARCH-762))
```

Author: fixed
